0CSS Outline - An Outline is a line drawn outside of a elements border.
Q-Create an element that has black border and a green outline with a width of 10px ?
(use the outline property - outline offset,style,color,width)
Q- Create four paragraphs first with a dashed outline second with dotted and third with

CSS Text -There are a lot of formatting techniques
          color name(hex value,hsl value,rgb value) 
	  background color property(high contrast is very important so make sure that the background color and text color is varied in nature)
	  Text Align(to align the text we center or right)
Q- create three diff horizontal rulers and align them all diff ?

this is used to create a change in direction of a text 
Vertical Align - The vertical align property helps to align the element in the vertical space . it can have several values such as baseline text-bottom 

Text Decoration line propeerty is usedto add decoration line to the text it can have values (overline underline line-through)
with text decoration color
Q Create a html link to google.com on your webpage
text transform property used to specify uppercase lowercase in text
Create a dynamic looking name with the help of text shadow with name color white and shadow blue

the css transition property is used to create a transition effect to a certain css property of an element. it can also help you to set the duration of the effect.
--short hand property
[ 	transition-property
	transition-duration
	transition-timing-function
	transition-delay 	]


CREATE A RED BOX 100PX IN HEIGHT AND WIDTH WHICH ROTATES WHILE ZOOMING OUT ON MOUSE HOVER?
Create a traffic light with the help of css?

								

									--Practice Test--
						

What is an Internet Protocol ? Explain different types of protocol in detail.
Differentiate between a static and a dynamic website ?
What is the need of Internet Design prin+ciples ? State any two with their use.
Explain the concept of client server architecture and its working with the help of a diagram ?


Q Create two headings one visible one hidden with the help of visible property ?

The CSS white-space property handles how the white-space values can be norap, pre, normal.

Q Create three paras and show the different values of white space ? 

The CSS width-property is used to 

Q Create a div element with value 120px of width ?

Align-content property specifies how flex lines are distributed along the cross axis in a flex box container. Valus can be flex-star -around, normal, stretch, center

Create a html page that depicts the scorecard of two teams ?
Create a html page that depicts the menu of the cafe ?